[Music]
that's some kind of mobility it's a
beautiful day in San Francisco we have
another round of live streams today I
didn't really enjoying San Francisco
it's not somewhere I would I guess moved
but I am so just so captivated by the
city
hey bro how about you do a nollie tre
flip what an ollie tree a nollie tre I
was a Sony video which you can now watch
live a lot of you guys have been asking
about that like why did I switch from
Canada Sony am i enjoying Sony should
you buy a Sony camera so I talked about
that in the last video but I was ending
it and it's so weird when I filmed
videos like that where I'm just sitting
on a couch so which were chill
just be myself I see it's super
self-conscious with those videos and
like people who don't know me who aren't
a part of the PG fam probably think of
boring or something
you ready homie you ready homie what's
my Instagram video oh let's check it out
shameless Instagram blood
there it is oh thank you you know I got
you Wow Wow you can have one of those in
my apartment just like as a giant wall
just finish up the second live stream in
the spirit of editing and showing our
process and Adobe Premiere I'm actually
going to give my three favorite pro tips
from these two hour-long live streams
and the slog so here we go number one
the general layout of Adobe Premiere a
lot of you guys aren't intimidated just
by looking at this so let me very
briefly break down this editor and what
the different windows mean and very
short amount of time and maybe you will
be less intimidated by it or fascinated
by it if you have no interest in video
editing it has four basic windows this
is a previous vlog we're going to start
in the bottom left and then we'll work
around this window is called the project
window it's basically where you import
all of your footage and all of your
assets that you want to use wherever you
put them on your hard drive you
highlight them and then press import
that brings them in this project window
when I want to preview this footage I
just double click it and it
automatically goes up to this window
this window is the preview window where
you can preview the clips that you have
in your project window after you set the
in and out point to this clip you're
gonna drag it onto the timeline this is
your timeline this is where your final
story is gonna be and then you can
preview what your final story what you
want your video to be in this window
this is kind of like the movie window
this is what your final video is gonna
look like in here next thing is a
keyboard shortcut Q and W it's the
ripple trim edit to playhead when you're
editing talking parts are really
anything you drag this long clip into
the timeline and say you want to end it
right here and you want to take out this
this space of no talking instead of
cutting in here and then cutting it here
and then dragging the clip to make that
edit all you have to do is cut it where
the playhead is and then bring the
playhead to where you want the clip cut
from here and then you just press Q and
it automatically brings this clip to
over here and cuts whatever is in that
space and same with W if you press W
then it gets rid of everything on this
side and the last pro tip is the use of
a adjustment layer this is a way to add
a single effect or multiple effects to
multiple Clips underneath the adjustment
layer just about layers are these things
right here they live over your clips in
the timeline this is a bunch of footage
of me going to sunken city to save
there's an effect in the luma tree color
panel instead of dropping this effect
directly on this one single clip I'm
going to drop it on the entire
adjustment layer so what that means is
the effect isn't just going to apply to
the single clip but it's going to apply
to every single clip underneath so
instead of making like 10 different
edits on these individual Clips
now it's on this adjustment layer and
you can move it around accordingly I
mean you just have a lot more
flexibility with those effects I just
wanted to drop those few pro tips
because I'm actually doing a entire how
to vlog series even if you're not
necessarily wanting to know how to vlog
vlogging is really just telling a story
so I'm talking about all the
technicalities of taking your footage
putting it through your editor exporting
it to whatever platforms you want and
it's really gonna take you step-by-step
on how to make videos
I have an addiction and it's all John I
bring the pain is now paying there's no
gain okey so we bought a ginormous box
of Sour Patch Kids and we've just been
going through bags of Sour Patch and
here's the thing I'm a chocolate girl I
would never liked candy and it's legit
all your fault because I am like
legitimately addicted to these no and I
don't know what to do we bought the gas
station box yeah that one's that gas
stations by to serve and you know what I
think hatha is the sport of catching in
your mouth yes well it all started with
this right yeah oh my god let's try to
see if we could just like to throw the
whole bag into your mouth every time all
right this is taking it to the next
level ready
Oh
so I'm saying right now cuz I feel my
teeth like actually deteriorating like
I'm done after the San Francisco trip
I'm done well if you don't have any
Dennis then there's nothing wrong with
teeth every other day any of these yeah
oh no no this is an addiction I'm okay
with yeah yeah this is I think this is
just a signature you don't want to
change with me I care about you think
about like this could be so bad a lot of
ways to die I've accepted the fact that
dying from overdose I'm sugar with
shower pack fish you sure we should go
[Laughter]
I've never had a problem with candy I
don't know about you guys but it's a
struggle I I just have to say no just
say no no actually this is perfect you
know what I introduced her to an
addiction guess what I've been drinking
lately
I shouldn't say that okay well I got him
hooked on coffee she really did I know I
kind of messes it does I can't like
speak or move for the entire day it gets
you turn in the morning it gets me turn
but almost like I have a test coming up
in five minutes I think I'm like like
every second I'm like okay there's
nothing oh wait okay so maybe we just
limit all right there you go
all right you are yes so sorry batch
kids and coffee I'll live in this hour
cause you limit the coffee and we both
limit the other ones that we were in
you're not near as it did to this as I
am and coffee the same thing yeah so we
just need to guess when and where some
coffee sake just smash in my hands I
have turning in Tibet okay audience what
are you addicted to take this step with
us what do you need to cut down on in
your life if it's illegal to chill maybe
don't put it here you're gonna throw it
left-handed I purposely missed you but I
did get straight into the beer and it
was like why are you carrying away I was
like looks very sure the first thing
I should probably do when I get back to
New York is visit a dentist
maybe goodbye friends and goodbye to you
guys got one more day of hangs in the SS
in San Francisco so until next time stay
peachy okay buddy
you